Update docs content (#2508)
pmndrs/zustand: docs/reference/use-shallow.md

---
title: useShallow
description:
nav: 211
---

# useShallow ⚛️

> `useShallow` is a React Hook lets you memoized a selector function.

Reviewer: It doesn't memoize anything.
```suggestion
`useShallow` is a React Hook that lets you optimize re-renders.
```
